"It's the eyes of the beholder". Yes, sure, but does it matter?
Fran√ßois Pignon seems to be able to do nothing well in life. Until, by
an accident of fate, and a bright neighbour, formerly an enterprise
psychologist, they find out how to avoid the bad news, get to know
who's who in his family and work colleagues, and get the reins of his
own life, which seemed to be a robot's.

Michel Aumont is a fantastic actor, so natural it makes you tremble.
Without him, the film just wouldn't exist. Yes, Auteuil is also fine as
a likable looser. When he "squints like a gay", he really does
something ... unusual. Like on a Rorschach test, it just takes an
ambiguous image for us viewers to project who we really are. The
envious co worker, the racist macho, the brainy one who plays with
other people's feelings like if they were chess pieces, the bright
beautiful competitive blonde which rightly suspects from the start, the
boss who wields power but just doesn't want trouble, the bright African
who also has mixed feelings about the white majority, his stunning but
sour & selfish ex wife, their aloof frivolous teenager, in short, the
human comedy. Balzac would be proud.

Pignon, like his neighbour's kitten, is probably too grey to be
distinguishable from most people we know. If there's something
reassuring in this comedy that takes place at a fake condom factory is
that we could all change. If only ...

Veber, director of "The dinner game" and of lesser works, is at his
best here.

While stereotypes abound, they are probably forced upon us to make the
"clockwork orange" of gags work relentlessly. At that it succeeds
admirably.

Pure enjoyment!

PS: Kudos to the nicest kittens I've seen on a film :).