Based on the Broadway play by Neil Simon, this tells the story of two
mismatched friends, Felix Unger and Oscar Madison. Felix is a neat,
tidy, and healthy nut, a photographer at a portrait studio, and a
connoisseur of classical music. Because of this, his wife divorced
Felix and threw him out of his apartment for good. Desperately in the
need of a place to live, he moves in with his longtime childhood
friend, Oscar Madison, a sports journalist for the New York Herald.
What he realizes is that Oscar is the exact opposite of him: sloppy,
messy, and doesn't eat the right foods. Felix's cleaning, hygienic
tips, and healthiness annoys Oscar while Oscar's crazy world of living
like a pig upsets Felix. But in the process they'll learn that
friendship is more important than living in different worlds.

Prior to Randall's death, he and Klugman were the best of friends
which translated onto the screen in that the chemistry they had was
unsurpassed.

Not realized is that the show during its 5 year run was not a ratings
juggernaut.  At its peak it was only in the top 50 even though the
list of 70's celebrities that made appearances was impressive....

However, over the past 30 years while in syndication, The Odd Couple
has taken on a fan base and a popularity it never enjoyed in first run
episodes.

If not for the ABC executives being fans of the quality of the show,
it would have never made it past a season or two.

For television historians, the quality and writing rank in with
Seinfeld, Cheers, All in the Family, etc.

The Odd Couple will always go down in the annals of televison as one
of the best.

James Fontanetta